Docs: Add Onboarding Dashboard guide and Glossary (#1885)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/getting-started/1-faststore-onboarding/dashboard.mdx

---

## Overview

The **Overview** view provides information about the production deployment of your store.

![overview-view](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/dashboard-view-overview___7b8f9c67ff14be86263514d62ae471f1.png)

Check out the table below for more information:

| Field                 | Description                                                                                                                           |
| :-------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Preview FastStore** | Opens a preview of your store in a new tab.                                                                                           |
| **Deployment**        | Opens the deployed version of the store in a new tab.                                                                                 |
| **Domain**            | Opens the URL of your store's domain, which is the same as the preview.                                                               |

> | **Last commit**       | Displays the most recent commit made to your store's repository, including the date, month, year, and the person who made the commit. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Last commit**       | Displays the most recent commit to your store's repository, including the date, month, year, and the GitHub user who made the commit. |
```

| **Status**            | Displays the status of the deployment.                                                                                                |

> The **Status** field can have one of the following values: 

Reviewer: We've just added a new status `Skipped`. Can you add it here pls?

More details on this PR: https://github.com/vtex-sites/faststore.admin/pull/41

- `Success`: The deployment was successful. If you want to check the commit associated with it, go to the **Deploys** tab.

- `Error`: There was an error in the pipeline that caused the deployment to fail, but the build can still be successful. 
To understand what happened, go to the **Deploys** tab, check the last commit, and open the repository for further investigation.

--- 

## Deploys

> The **Deploys** view provides a summary of each deployment made in your store's repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Deploys** section provides a summary of each deployment made in your store's repository.
```

![deploy-view](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/dashboard-view-deploys___e5f04f3e5613d52e4b2864ef48134608.png)

| Field                         | Description                                                                                                                  |
| :---------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **Preview URL**               | Displays a store preview for a specific commit.                                                                                          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Preview URL**               | Displays the URL to the deploy preview of a specific commit.                                                                                          |
```

| **Commit**                    | Displays the commit hash associated with a particular commit.                                                                                     |
| **Timestamp**                 | Displays the date and time of the commit in the format `dd/mm/yyyy`.                                                     |
| **Elapsed time**              | Displays the time it took to complete the commit process.   |

> | **Deploy**                    | Indicates the status of the deployment. Possible statuses are `Success` and `Error`. For more information on the `Error` status, go to the repository and check what failed in the commit.                   |

Author: Can the [`Skipped` status](https://github.com/vtex-sites/faststore.admin/pull/41) also be an option for the `Deploy` section?

cc: @icazevedo @hellofanny @Gmantiqueira

Reviewer: I believe so!

> | **Quality checks**            | Indicates the status of the quality checks (Lighthouse audits). Possible statuses are `Success` and `Error`. For more information on the `Error` status, go to the repository and check what failed in the commit. *Remember: Lighthouse audits are an essential step in the [go-live checklist](/docs/go-live/overview#go-live-checklist).* Ensure you achieve the recommended score for the lighthouse checks to pass.                     |

Reviewer: We've just added a new status `Skipped`. Can you add it here pls?

More details on this PR: https://github.com/vtex-sites/faststore.admin/pull/41

> | **More actions menu** (`⋮`)    | Opens a card with the following options after being clicked: <li>**Preview**: Opens the store preview for the commit in a new tab.</li>  <li>**Commit**: Opens a specific commit page in GitHub in a new tab.</li>                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **More actions menu** (`⋮`)    | Opens a list with the following options after being clicked: <li>**Preview**: Opens the store preview for the commit in a new tab.</li>  <li>**Commit**: Opens a specific commit page in GitHub in a new tab.</li>                   |
```

> | **Quality checks**            | Indicates the status of the quality checks (Lighthouse audits). Possible statuses are <li>`Success` : All checks have passed.</li> <li>`Skipped`:  In the CI process, specific checks were not performed for certain commits This is often done when the commit being tested was never the HEAD commit of the main branch, saving time and resources without compromising code quality.</li> <li>`Failed` : For more information on the `Failed` status, go to the repository and check what failed in the commit.</li>  *Remember: Lighthouse audits are an essential step in the [go-live checklist](/docs/go-live/overview#go-live-checklist).* Ensure you achieve the recommended score for the lighthouse checks to pass.                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Quality checks**            | Indicates the status of the quality checks (Lighthouse audits). Possible statuses are <ul><li>`Success` : All checks have passed.</li> <li>`Skipped`:  In the CI process, specific checks were not performed for certain commits. This often occurs when the commit being tested was never the HEAD commit of the main branch, saving time and resources without compromising code quality.</li> <li>`Failed` : For more information on the `Failed` status, go to the repository and check what failed in the commit.</li></ul>  *Remember: Lighthouse audits are an essential step in the [go-live checklist](/docs/go-live/overview#go-live-checklist).* Ensure you achieve the recommended score for the Lighthouse checks to pass.                     |
```

Reviewer 2: "For more information on the `Failed` status, go to the repository and check what failed in the commit" - Teria que ver o que falhou na audicão do Lighthouse, não? Depois a pessoa vai investigar e corrigir o código dela

> | **More actions menu** (`⋮`)    | Opens a list with the following options after being clicked: <li>**Preview**: Opens the store preview for the commit in a new tab.</li>  <li>**Commit**: Opens a specific commit page in GitHub in a new tab.</li>                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **More actions menu** (`⋮`)    | Opens a list with the following options after being clicked: <li>**Preview**: Opens the store preview for the commit in a new tab.</li>  <li>**Commit**: Opens the commit page in GitHub in a new tab.</li>                   |
```

## Deleting the project

> To delete your FastStore project, click the **More actions menu** (`⋮`) and **Delete Project**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To delete your FastStore project, click the **More actions menu** (`⋮`) button. Then, click **Delete Project**.
```

> To delete your FastStore project, click the **More actions menu** (`⋮`) button. Then, click **Delete Project**.

Author: ```suggestion
To delete your FastStore project, click the **More actions menu** (`⋮`). Then, click **Delete Project**.
```

A modal to confirm your choice will open.

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
 Proceed with caution. Deleting the project is irreversible and will permanently remove all deployments and domains associated with it.

> </Callout>

Reviewer 2: Todo mundo tem acesso a essa botão de deletar ou só usuários com uma role específica?
Seria bom especificar

| **Elapsed time**              | Displays the time it took to complete the commit process.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| **Deploy**                    | Indicates the status of the deployment. Possible statuses are `Success` and `Failed`. For more information on the `Failed` status, go to the repository and check what failed in the commit.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | **Quality checks**            | Indicates the status of the quality checks (Lighthouse audits). For more information on the Quality checks values, refer to [Quality checks available values](/docs/getting-started/1-faststore-onboarding/dashboard#quality-checks-available-values). <br></br>*Remember: Lighthouse audits are an essential step in the [go-live checklist](/docs/go-live/overview#go-live-checklist).* Ensure you achieve the recommended score for the lighthouse checks to pass. |

Reviewer: It also covers `Integration Tests`, do you think it's worth mentioning it too?

> | **Quality checks**            | Indicates the status of the quality checks (Lighthouse audits). For more information on the Quality checks values, refer to [Quality checks available values](/docs/getting-started/1-faststore-onboarding/dashboard#quality-checks-available-values). <br></br>*Remember: Lighthouse audits are an essential step in the [go-live checklist](/docs/go-live/overview#go-live-checklist).* Ensure you achieve the recommended score for the lighthouse checks to pass. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Quality checks**            | Provides an overview of the status of quality checks, including Lighthouse audits and Integration Tests. These checks help you identify and prevent regressions in your store. For more information on the Quality checks values, refer to [Quality checks available values](/docs/getting-started/1-faststore-onboarding/dashboard#quality-checks-available-values). <br></br>*Remember: Lighthouse audits are an essential step in the [go-live checklist](/docs/go-live/overview#go-live-checklist).* Ensure you achieve the recommended score for the lighthouse checks to pass. |
```
